he's the most loving person ever I want
him to have a relationship with my kid
I mean that's why
I wasn't going to do this on this and
I'm where I'm now getting emotional
um
writer an award-winning comedian you are
in for a treat
oh God that's tequila what is the reason
why you're a comedian I use humor to
connect with people and have always done
so growing up wanting my dad's approval
and definitely not receiving it it
dented my confidence but it also made me
like I would one day make him proud
If people really knew you what would
they be most surprised about I do feel
the pressure and I do feel the anxiety
but worrying about stuff that is not
worth worrying about a bad review
rejection online trolls so many times
I'm just like why don't I just delete
all social media from my phone I would
be such a good thing for my mental
well-being I have a little bit more
sensitive vulnerable than I tell people
do you doubt yourself yes what impact
does that have on you overworking not
prioritizing family and I'm not present
when I should be present Roxy's pregnant
now how are you honestly feeling about
it
now I'm regretting putting this on
camera
what you're doing is incredibly high
stakes art where are you smoking I can
see that I've got a punchline about of a
[__] behind a wheelie bin I mean that's
not
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74 of people that watch this channel
didn't subscribe we're now down to 69 my
goal is 50 so if you've ever liked any
of the videos we've posted if you like
this channel can you do me a quick favor
and hit the Subscribe button it helps
this channel more than you know and the
bigger the channel gets as you've seen
the bigger the guests get thank you and
enjoy this episode
[Music]
I've sat here with so many
incredible Comedians and it's funny
because there's there's an ongoing
stereotype with comedians that they get
into comedy for a variety of different
reasons a lot of comedians have said to
me you know comedians themselves are
depressed in some way then I had Jimmy
Carter says but say to me when you meet
a comedian you should ask him which of
their parents are depressed
um and then I sat here with um
one particular comedian who
really didn't fit into any of those
um stereotypes at all what is the reason
why you're a comedian in your own words
I think in the most reductive way it's
because I use humor to connect with
people and have always done so and so I
think I've always enjoyed uh making
people laugh and that's felt to me like
a great way to connect with people
whether that be in real life or my
audience when I'm up on stage
and I think there are you know lots of
different reasons that people become
Comedians and there is this kind of the
sad clown Trope and that's definitely
one that does exist and I think there
are people that use comedy for other
reasons but for me uh I don't think I
fall into that category necessarily I I
think I
I have always loved comedy and stand up
as an art form because I just really
enjoy
making people happy and making people
laugh and using comedy as escapism
as escapism yeah
from well from you know
it can be from whatever like if you've
had a bad day at work and you come and
see a stand up on stage and they make
you laugh
um bring you out of a dark place or
um if you're you know on your phone and
watching the news and depressed about
the world and then you can go and forget
about all of that and you know it's a
great way of I think you know just going
and
completely relaxing and listening to
someone else Entertain You and uh I
think that for me like that's what I see
my kind of Duty as a comedian as your
parents are comedians yes I spend a lot
of time watching
the wittering white holes yeah on
YouTube your father in particular is
absolutely [__] hilarious yeah it
just do you think your sort of comedic
Edge came from there or because you have
siblings right yeah who aren't comedians
they're not comedians I mean they're
both
pretty funny people and there was a lot
of laughter in our household when we
were growing up
and I definitely think my dad in
particular was my kind of most you know
dominant early comic influence because
again I would watch how uh he used humor
and how
making people laugh
was this way that he had to kind of
unlock people and he was an amazing
wreck on to her and told these
incredible stories and I watched how
people would hang on his every word and
I remember being really in awe of that
and thinking oh I'd love to not only
amuse him uh when I'm able to do so but
also you know emulate him and and try to
be
um you know
uh someone that people enjoy the company
of and the presence of because of my
kind of like wit I guess and so yeah he
was definitely like for me the person
that influenced me the most when I was
thinking oh yeah that's definitely
something that I would be interested in
pursuing when was that point where you
thought I could pursue comedy
professionally as a real job
um
I don't know I do I think it probably
wasn't until the Edinburgh Festival when
I went to the Edinburgh Festival in my
teens and saw stand-up comics I mean
prior to that like most of my knowledge
of Comedy have been stuff that I'd seen
on TV and movies and Laurel and Hardy
and Norman Wisdom and that felt like you
know hilarious but kind of very alien in
a way and then going up to Edinburgh and
seeing like stand-ups performing and
people that were maybe slightly closer
to me in age and were talking about
um things that I could relate to and all
of a sudden I was like wow this is like
genuinely a viable career path had I
know that they were probably all up
there performing for a month at
Edinburgh and hemorrhaging money and not
filling out the venues every night it's
like a really really difficult career
path uh for the vast majority of
comedians but like I was kind of young
and dirty eyed and just saw you know the
the the incredible aspect of it which is
um you know the other thing that appeals
to me about comedy which is that it's a
way of doing something that isn't a real
job and isn't sat in an office doing
something that to me would be kind of
mind crushingly boring it's a creative
Pursuit which I think I would always
have been gravitating towards was there
not a lot of influences in your life
telling you that comedy is not a real
job like I remember yeah a lot who those
influences and what were they saying and
why didn't you listen
um well so at school I was always
talking about trying to do stuff off my
own bat and do sketches and
um taking a show to Edinburgh was my
idea and the school were very anti that
at the time and the Drama teacher
thought it was a waste of time
my parents were very very keen that I
didn't necessarily pursue
um a career in the like Arts I think
because my dad was an agent and he'd
looked after loads of really successful
actors but he'd also looked after a load
of actors that had been out of work and
had really struggled and my mum had had
a career as an actor that hadn't
necessarily given her the Fulfillment
that I think she'd wanted it too and you
know she'd had some sort of bit Parts on
television and then had to give it up
and so they were very aware that you
know that it was a very very competitive
industry and so they were very keen that
I made sure that I focus on my studies
and have something to fall back on if I
were to not make it in uh you know the
Arts I mean it was a little ill thought
through because
the other passions that I had were
things like art and so I ended up going
to University to study history of art
which I didn't necessarily think is you
know of of Industries to fall back on
like art history is not the most
transferable skill and then also by
pushing me away from you know going to
drama school or becoming an actor which
would have been the other thing that I
would have wanted to do at that age I I
was so frustrated that I wasn't able to
do that that I went and I did the degree
and then I was like well I need to
perform in some way oh my God I could do
stand-up and they'll have no control
over that so then I started doing
stand-up as my side hustle uh and you
know they pushed me into comedy which
again is like a really really
competitive industry and
um you know
if they'd wanted me to become a lawyer
or a banker which they always claim that
they did they went about it completely
the wrong way
in hindsight hindsight's such a
wonderful thing what do you think
if if you could reverse the clocks now
and you could be Jack's parents and you
could make the decision for Jack at that
age that really pivotal age what he did
next
in the with the intention of
accelerating his career his happiness
his his talent what what should and what
would you do as Jack's parents in
hindsight oh I don't know I'd push him
towards drama school no no I I think
they probably they did probably play it
right it was the weird thing in a
roundabout way it all sort of worked out
okay
um and I don't like don't begrudge them
for any of those decisions
um and they were which people are always
surprised to hear it's like well they're
not surprised to hear it now because
people have seen my relationship with my
family and you know we have a I I call
it I call it a travel log but some
people have pointed out it is also
almost like a reality television show
where like the Posh Kardashians and so
people have been exposed to my family
and can see that you know we have an
unusual relationship but we are very
close but people are always surprised to
hear that it was always the case even
when I was you know away at boarding
school we still have had like a really
good connection I in fact always say
that going to boarding school was
probably quite helpful to my
relationship with my parents if anyone
has seen my father he's he's quite he's
better in small doses and I think having
that distance from him was probably very
healthy and is why we had such a good
relationship
um so yeah there's a lot of things where
at the time I was like oh God why are
you doing this and I I mean when they
sent me to boarding school I was I was
so upset I was like I do not want to go
I'm happy with my friends I want to stay
in in London with them at this school
and I was really struggling at that
school and I wasn't coming out of my
shell and I hadn't found you know any of
my kind of passions or interests and
there was no one cultivating any of them
and so they looked at that and thought
we need to
do something and make change and they
found this school
in Oxford which I went around and they
met lots of teachers and it had a far
more kind of like
um
it I don't know it had like an eccentric
feel it felt like a better fit for me
but it was a boarding school and so they
took me out of the school that I was
struggling in and sent me to that
boarding school and I remember being oh
my God I was so upset I was like no
please like honestly Daddy I don't want
to go and he said to me at the time he
was like look it's fine if you go then
you don't like it you can come back
after a term and I promise you if you
turn around and you tell me that then
you can come out and go back to the
school that you're in London I was like
okay well that's you know something that
I can hold on to and I remember that
really helped get through the first
um home away and then I asked him
subsequently many years later I was like
you know when he said that it really
helped he's like I had no intention of
doing that even if you had been very
upset you were there for the year I'd
got you in it had been very hard to get
you in there and you were staying
whether you liked them or not and I
didn't know whether that's him sort of
slightly being a
nuisance but there may have been some
truth to it didn't you around like 11 or
something auditioned to be Harry Potter
yeah that's crazy yeah I did a bit of
child acting again just because I was
sort of adjacent to that world and I saw
you know my dad in that industry and my
mom and my mum was still acting back
then I was so enamored of it so as a kid
I did want to do it and you know
I had a few uh sort of
quite a low level
um acting jobs as a child with like
single lines in TV shows I got dubbed in
one
because I couldn't deliver the line
properly I had one line which was uh
it's not a monster it's a rabbit and and
I and the day just developed a speech
impediments on another Monsters the
rabbit and when it actually went out
they'd redubbed me so it was another
child's voice coming out of my mouth so
I'd had that job and then I'd had one
other job where I had no lines I had
another job that I got and and I swear
this is true but I I'd have to I can't
remember exactly how it happened but I I
got like demoted I got cast in a part
which was like quite a good speaking
role and then like on the day all of a
sudden I was it was Goodbye Mr Chips
with Martin clunes and all of a sudden I
was like at the back of the class and
had no lines and I can't
for the life of me understand how that
happened I mean I was very young at the
time maybe I was just so terrible they
saw me in the rehearsal and thought nah
you're now
um out of shot right at the back
um and then Harry Potter yeah so that
was around the time that obviously
I was doing these little acting roles
and then there was this audition of
Harry Potter and they did an open
casting at my school they came with a
casting director to to kind of audition
loads of kids and they were doing it
around the country and there was a lot
of like uh excitement about this because
obviously the book was so popular
um and I remember calling my dad and
saying they're doing this open casting
and I'm gonna enter myself into it and
he was like oh no that's a complete
waste of time I was like what do you
mean it's like well they never cast
anyone of these open castings it'll be
some casting director's assistant
assistant uh you know it's it's a
complete waste of time if you genuinely
want to audition for Harry Potter I will
get you in front of the casting director
so he drove down to Oxford took me out
of school for the day got me down to
London through some connections of his
managed to get me an audition with the
casting director of Harry Potter uh I
went in to the
um
casting room and completely tank the
audition because I was not a very good
actor as a child as is proven by the
track record up until that point I also
hadn't read the book
um because I've just never been a great
reader and uh I'd read like the first
couple of chapters and then got bored
and I didn't have any knowledge of the
the plot of Harry Potter and that was
exposed in the audition as well and so
it was about as bad as an audition could
go and I came out and I looked and it
was like yeah I don't think you need to
worry about it
about that one and then the I think the
nice heartwarming end to this story my
dad having been you know
outrageous in his behavior and the the
nepotism being out of control in the
open casting uh they cast Emma Watson as
Hermione and she did get cast from just
uh entering through the correct channels
and not calling up her dad and asking
him to get her in front of the casting
director and she had that wonderful
life-changing opportunity which she
earned and that's the way that it should
be
look at all of that and I go that that
phase of your life it doesn't seem like
there was a ton of
self-belief
because you've got your dad sort of
chiming in at parts
saying subtly saying the odds aren't
good son
indirectly and then you know the the
being sent to the back of the classroom
in the acting thing you do subtle knocks
yeah does that stay with you as you go
into comedy and is that an accurate
assessment of how you were feeling at
that point yeah I definitely was not
very
um confident at that age
um and I was quite I was quite odd and
eccentric and in the right company and
in a safe environment and around my kind
of family I think I was a little bit
more confident but at school I certainly
wasn't I was very awkward like very like
unfortunate looking child as well I had
huge buck teeth
um and glasses and like a cowlick and
you see photographs of me from then and
you look like a kid that would not have
a lot of confidence and then had the
like you know
massive braces in my face for for a long
period of my childhood and that may you
know that there was definitely a lack of
confidence because of that and you know
the various knockbacks and
and then realizing oh I quite like
acting and Performing and you know for
for years I would audition for all of
these school plays
and I would never get cast in anything
and
so that didn't help
and and also you know I guess
wanting my my dad's approval which I
always did you know right from the
get-go and and definitely not receiving
it like that
it did it dented my confidence but it
also made me like I don't know I think
it gave me a kind of resolve that I
would I would one day
achieve it and I would make him proud
and uh you know because he'd been sort
of dismissive or you don't want to
become an actor and you're never going
to become an actor that made me want to
do it even more and be like oh no I I
really think I can do this
um
and then with the comedy thing the other
aspect is that he was and Remains the
hardest person to crack ever like he
doesn't love anything and you know I I I
I do have that like overriding memory
that
as a kid like I always was desperate to
try and make him laugh and to to like
crack him and to just if I could get him
to laugh like that felt like such an
achievement and even to this day you
know like when it comes to do shows or
if I'm doing things with him like he's a
really hard like tough crowd he's got as
you've seen like a real
I mean resting [__] faces the kids are
calling it and uh yeah if I can even get
like a smile from him it transports me
back to being you know 12 or 13 years
old and having that same thing of I
really want to make him laugh this has
he had any sort of acting qualifications
or anything because when I saw him on
Chatty Man yeah with you
um I was thinking God he's an
unbelievable actor
he's an unbelievable actor like he's
you're right just a steel face yeah yeah
no he's had no training at all but I
guess just because he does so so little
and and gives away so little that I
don't know that almost feels like it's
performative and maybe it is
to an extent but no he's yeah he's had
absolutely no training whatsoever
for you go off and you do the you go up
to Edinburgh you see that that's a big
inspiration for you
what happens next
how did you go from there to
doing shows and climbing up the comedic
ladder very very quickly
so then I yeah I went to Edinburgh with
a Sketcher with two of my friends from
school and we did it um at the Pleasants
and we did a month in this tiny room
that's now a disabled toilet that's how
small it was
um and
there was like you know 10 seats and US
performing this sketch show we had no
idea what we were doing it was all kind
of cobbled together sketches that we'd
copied from not the nine o'clock news
and League of gentlemen and
got terrible reviews
but
um
in the middle of it I came out and did
stand up and I'd never done stand up
before and I thought that stand up was
just something that you could do I'd
never done a gig I literally just walked
out in the middle of this sketch show
and did 10 minutes of stand up
um
it was described by One reviewer as Jack
Whitehall appears on stage in the middle
of the show and does an impression of
what he thinks the stand-up is
and that is a pretty fair assessment of
what it was but
um a guy called Ben cavey who uh was a
producer at the time came to that show
and saw me and saw that there was
I had some promise or it was something
that he recognized in me that he thought
you know I had some potential and so
I then uh went and met with him when I
was down in London he worked for Tiger
aspect to a great production company
made Mr Bean Catherine Tate Benidorm all
of these shows and
with him I started developing
um he asked me to uh do tour support for
uh horn and Corden uh when James Corden
and Matt horn were doing their double
act around the time of Gavin and Stacy
because he was working on a show with
them and he said oh there's this guy who
I saw
at Edinburgh he's really funny he's very
new very young uh you're doing these
warm-up shows of your sketch show you
should get him to come out and uh he
could do some stand-up before you go on
and so I did support for them and that's
how I met James and how I met Matt who
would end up being in my sitcom and
James and Matt were kind of quite
instrumental in me getting my first
television gig as well
so uh they um
they did a big brother's big mouth and
they were like the guest hosts on that
and they were meant to do a whole series
and they had to pull out and because
they'd seen me do stand up for them as
their warm-up hacked James like was very
good at kind of you know speaking to
whatever the person was at Channel 4 and
saying oh you know you should get to
host this show is Jack
um and so yeah I ended up doing like
live TV hosting Big Brother's Big Mouth
which was the show that kind of had
created Russell Brand and I was
I was 18 or 19 19. I was I was young and
very very very inexperienced like my
comic Persona was
you know all over the shop because I
hadn't like found my voice yet and I was
already on TV I got definitely got
catapulted onto television far too
quickly like I always say this like you
look at like Mickey Flanagan or John
bishop or any of the kind of like really
established comedians when they break
and they become TV stars they've been
doing it for 10 years and they've honed
their act and they know exactly who they
are and you get like the finished
article when I was put on TV I was like
still basically an open mic comedian
almost I mean I'd done paid gigs but I
was still like going on and talking in a
mockney accent because I hadn't worked
out what like like that I could be
myself on stage I was so terrified to to
go up onto a stand-up comedy stage and
talk in my voice because I was like
they're all Gonna Hate Me No One's Gonna
want so like listen to some public
school by waffling on so I'm gonna have
to disguise that and I'm going to go on
and I'm going to talk like Danny Dyer
and so for the first couple of years of
my like stand up where I do that and all
these other comedians afterwards they
would be like oh yeah well you've got
some great stage presents but
you just you haven't found your voice
yet and I was like oh well could you
could you tell me what my voice is and
they're like that's not really how it
works you need to find your voice and
you'll go on a journey I was like just
cut the Yoda crap like just what is my
voice and I found it so frustrating but
that is a process that you have to go
through as a comedian you need to find
your voice and my problem was when I was
trying to find my voice
I I didn't even know who I was as a
person back then I was 18 19 years old
like I'm like at that age like I didn't
think you've like formulated who you are
and so I was in this kind of weird like
period of flux where I was trying all
these different comic personas I settled
on this one that was like basically a
kind of
like a homage to Russell Brand
it was so inauthentic it wasn't who I
was but you know it gave me a kind of a
little bit of a
I guess a little bit of an armor that I
was hiding behind a kind of character
almost
and it gave me some confidence and so I
was I was I was in that kind of like
period of my
um like development when all of a sudden
I was doing like live television for the
first time and I watch some of the
footage back of me from those early days
and I want to hide behind the sofa it's
so cringe I've got this big shock of
like electric hair I'm wearing the
skinny jeans I look like I've just
fallen out of the Holy arms and I'm
talking in a way that just Bears no
correlation to like who I am it was it
was it's very strange
do you know do not have imposter
syndrome around at all
because you know you come in at 19 20
years old to an industry full of you
know veterans and people that look like
they know what they're doing yeah
because they're playing a good job of
like no knowing what they're doing do
you feel that at that young age
yeah I think I did feel a little bit of
that
um
but
yeah I think I I was just probably
I don't know it's so ambitious that
uh I went into those dressing rooms and
even though I was kind of in awe of a
lot of these people again I was just
like well I really want to kind of prove
myself and every time I had a bad gig
you know it always my takeaway would be
well I need to just like get better then
and I will get better and I know I can
get better
um
and I and I yeah I think I had quite a
lot of resilience
uh
I was naive but then I obviously
probably helped get through some gigs
that if I'd been a little bit older I
would have been like why the hell am I
doing this and also you know obviously
it I mean it helped very much that I
come from a background of privilege and
that I was
you know wasn't having to support a
family or pay a mortgage and I could
kind of
pursue this Fool's Erin for a bit
what's a what's a bad gig you know for
for someone like you what does that feel
like what does it look like
um I think
and I've had so many bad gigs
back in the day it was going and doing
10 minutes in a pub
and Performing to
20 people you're set up to fail really
because it's never going to be a Stormer
because the environment is not conducive
to Comedy because you're in a noisy Pub
fighting against a
you know fruit machine and
some of the people are on their phones
some of the people are sort of half
listening to you
has like a tinny microphone terrible
sound system
uh and you're going on like 10th on the
bill and everyone's a bit drunk and
you're never gonna kill that gig and
then you will go out and you do 10
minutes of your material
and
it like barely raises the titter and
then you've got to get on a train and
go back to London and
be in your own thoughts for two hours
like that's
pretty soul-crushing
but I don't know why I don't know why I
like and there were a lot of those at
the beginning I think probably because I
was like still at that point I was
living in Manchester with all of my
mates in a student house and having like
a great time didn't have many worries in
the world
because it was 18 19 and I was going off
and doing these gigs and sometimes they
go well and sometimes
I would crash and burn but
I don't know it just didn't like I
didn't I didn't feel the pressure that
that's what was so
amazing about that period of my life is
that I just don't remember feeling any
pressure and now if I tank a gig or I go
out and you know mess up the Brit Awards
I do feel the pressure and I do feel the
anxiety of it all and I and I didn't
have as much professional anxiety back
then
because I was sort of on a relatively
upward trajectory
um and
you know
it all felt so
full of possibility I just think I was
sort of unburdened by all of the kind of
anxieties that I would have now as a
comedian and a performer
reminds me of my conversation with Louis
Capaldi he told me about singing in pubs
in Scotland and like no one was really
listening yeah he almost talks about it
as if he would prefer to go back and do
that now because it because there's no
Arenas there's no expectations there's
no pressure and I actually think he said
on the podcast I think he said like I
just want to sing in a pub in Scotland
yeah
um
your success and his success have meant
that that's
you know that's I would say not it's
certainly possible yeah but even if you
were announced it as being in a pub
expectation would show up yeah yeah and
I and I do and I and I and I connected
with his documentary in in that aspect
when I watched it and saw like him
articulate some of those elements
because that is it is so true and
you know
you yeah you do a show now and you're
putting it on in an arena and like the
level of expectation is so much higher
and you've got to shift you know a huge
amount of tickets there's going to be
reviewers there you've got to entertain
like a vast crowd if it goes wrong like
that's a news event
and back then
there was none of that like I'd die in a
pub
you know
if Jack Whitehall crashes and burns in
the middle of an empty forest does he
make a sound
and my forest was a pub in Preston does
that make does that make it less fun
is there like a I enjoyed it in a really
in a way in a way and I still do to an
extent when I'm like maybe more so now
like when I'm working it through there
is like a
say the masochistic thing that quite
enjoys like the the tricky gigs and
like working out why why it hasn't
worked and what I need to do to to get
it to work like I do but I mean the
pressure now does that make it less fun
oh the pressure sorry yes um because
you've used the word professional
anxieties a few times yeah yeah I mean
that element of it does for sure and I
don't remember feeling that when I was
in my kind of early 20s but all of a
sudden
they sort of creep up on you and you're
you're in your own thoughts a lot more
um and
constantly like
like I don't know
just thinking about
uh
about like I just for me it's like worry
that it will all go away and like that's
that's always like the the kind of the
great the greatest fear is that it's
just going to stop and and I and I've
loved doing it but yeah there are there
are lots of other added pressures that
weren't existent when I started doing it
and I I look back on it and uh yeah do
kind of like miss that headspace
a lot of people can relate to that I
that fear of
um worrying that it'll all go away even
you know people that have climbed the
corporate ladder they've gotten to a
certain position and I've seen it a lot
of times with some of my friends and
even in some of my companies where
people will say to me that they're just
trying to kind of hang on to where they
are yeah and when you have that mindset
it can it can it seems like it can be
quite
unenjoyable because there's that
constant sort of as you describe anxiety
[Music]
um
but also I I'm not sure if everyone does
their best work when they're kind of
hanging on because there's there's not
this sort of mental freedom to fully
Express or to relax or take time off so
I'm not sure if we do our best work
it is that is that what you're saying
you feel like you're you have a constant
worry that everything you've built might
someday change and I guess the more
important question is where do you know
where that's come from in you
the idea that it could just
no I mean I don't know I don't know
where it comes from but and and if I
don't know
and I do and it's not like a cancer
culture thing of me going oh look I'm
worried I'm going to say something and
then all of a sudden like I'm gonna get
canceled and then I'm never going to be
able to do shows again it doesn't it's
not even like
linked to that although obviously there
is like a small chance that that could
happen I don't I didn't necessarily feel
like uh
I push the boundaries in such a way that
that feels likely but
yeah I don't know how I've I've allowed
that to sort of creep up on me
um
and I think I think the the the key to
not uh allowing that to consume you is
to sort of
just try to refocus your mind on like
what's important and you know
ultimately some of the things that are
you know the concerns that like build up
as professional anxieties ultimately
aren't as important as long as you do it
like ultimately as long as I'm still
doing stand-up and still doing what I
love and still getting to you know act
and perform it doesn't necessarily
matter
you know how how I'm doing that I'm
doing what I love and and that should be
enough and and then also just like
refocusing my energies on like my work
life balance and focusing on what's
important my relationship
family those are the things that make me
happy and as long as those are working
then I think I will feel fulfilled
um and so
I think it's
yeah it's how like frame that in in my
head even from doing this because I'm
not a journalist or in fact I didn't go
to a podcast school or whatever yeah I
still sit here and go how the [__] is
this
still a thing like how are people still
listening to this we admitted I mean
Jack did Productions beforehand but you
jack you've never done anything like
this before have you I've never done
anything like this before so it's all a
little bit what the [__] is going on
here just kidding yeah and hopefully
nobody notices us
that's like almost the feeling because
you almost assume that all of your
competitors or other people that are
doing it in your space they have some
certificate yeah it's like giving them
the right yeah yeah and a rule book that
we're that we're not privy to yeah um
can you relate to any of that that
feeling that like yeah you know I mean
there is yeah and there is no kind of
like playbook for it is is there like
with a career and with
you know
with all of it so I I like
the worst thing you can do is start like
comparing yourself to other people and
like thinking about that too much as
well and
I mean so so many times I'm just like
why don't I just delete all social media
from my phone I think I would be such a
good thing for my like mental well-being
I just haven't quite brought myself to
do it yet but maybe that's something
that I should try that it's just like
the worrying about stuff that is not
worth worrying about it's like I wish I
want to get better at that I really want
to like work at that what impact does
that have on you
that I'm not present when I should be
present I think that's that's where I
feel it it is most frustrating in my
life is when I'm worrying about
[__] nonsense that doesn't need to be
consuming me and I'm not present with
friends and family and uh people that I
need to like give more of myself to
what's an example of something that
might consume you like a little troll
online or like a review or I mean yeah I
mean that can it can take me out for a
couple of days uh like rejection uh
professional rejection not getting a
part in something uh a bad review things
like that and then for a couple of days
I'll sort of be spinning out and then
you know I'll catch myself doing it and
be like what am I doing I don't need to
do that I have more Sensitivity I think
than I
sort of let on I've always sort of build
myself as being quite resilient and
thick-skinned which I am to a degree but
I think there are things in elements
where I am a little bit more sensitive
and vulnerable than
than I uh than I tell people you and me
both
yeah you and me both and I think
obviously in different jobs that I've
had I've had to be I've been the CEO of
the companies so you kind of learn to
put up a
everything's fine yeah but some you can
be behind the scenes like spinning out a
little bit for a couple of days based on
something when you say spinning out what
does that if I'm Roxy yeah your
wonderful partner yeah what would Roxy
observe when Jack is spinning out that
I'm in a sort of weird Fugue State
because I'm also one of those people
that's just like I'm a barrier I don't
articulate a lot of uh of these emotions
and I and I do and I definitely I don't
know whether it's because of my
background or my upbringing but I'm
someone that doesn't really want to
burden people with them I feel like as
well as a comedian as a funny person
again I like I feel like I'm letting
people down if I'm like a Debbie Downer
and talking about stuff that uh is gonna
you know
kill the mood I just I don't like
conflict I I don't like uh
to depress people so I think I sort of I
like yeah
bury it all
put on a brave face and then
um yeah just maybe not quite myself so
you probably wouldn't even realize it
was going on but I think for rocks it's
it's hard because yeah sometimes I'm
just like a little bit away with the
fairies but that's because I'm having
this like
internal dialogue is everything gonna be
okay oh my God they hate me no no you're
gonna be fine and that's all going on
and I'm like yeah yeah fine yeah someone
said to me once they said the people
that care most about the Applause which
tends to be like performers and
Comedians and stuff also care the most
about the booze yeah do you think that's
accurate yeah like it's not possible
just to care about one side of that
Spectrum you can't just care about the
Applause and then say oh please don't
matter I don't care I'm invincible
yeah yeah no definitely it's definitely
yeah it's definitely feedback and
you know like
audiences that upset me or online trolls
I mean I do consume quite a lot of that
if I if I'm brutally honest with myself
I'll probably consume more of it than I
should
um and read it and and again I'm like I
think it's fine I think it sort of
bounces off me but maybe it does
everything that's not me as much and I'm
like it's all stored away somewhere
um
you know
it's good but I don't know I also like
part of me and I I'm not encouraging
people to troll me online I'm like there
is a good it's good to like keep your
ego in check as well I do like like
constructive criticism as well I think
is very useful and like some feedback
because if you didn't have any of that
and you were just like you you just went
on the reaction to the audiences of paid
punches that have come to see you
and clearly I like onside and it's like
a home geek because they're you know
fans of userable ticket to you and that
was your only like
interaction and that was where you kind
of garnered what like
your relationship with the public was
you would think you were just like the
Messiah so it's quite good to be
reminded yeah there are some people that
find you a bit much and but has their
feedback those people those trials has
it made you a better comedian
um I mean every now and again I get
quite good like
you know joke from something that
someone said oh okay no I don't think
it's maybe a better comedian woman but
someone calls it says on Twitter that my
new hairstyle looks like a Tesco's value
Richard Hammond I'm like
[Laughter]
those are quite rare normally it's like
why is this Posh [__] on television
every time I turn it on
no I can't one
when you when you bury stuff though like
a seed it kind of grows I always always
think this and I think it certainly
changes us over time all the things we
have buried like even if we don't ever
express it or whatever I feel like it
kind of just infects our character a
little bit yeah that's certainly what's
happened to me for sure for sure yeah
just over time I think slowly the things
that I've like buried or ignored they
kind of just
weigh me down a little bit and you might
become a little bit snappier or a little
bit you know more impatient or negative
about the world or whatever
is that the case with you yeah I think
for me the main way it it affects me is
is like it's like a photo it is
ultimately just like a focused thing
it's like focusing on it it makes me
focus on the wrong things and that's the
thing that I struggle with most of my
life is my like
is work-life balance I think I'm
terrible at work life balance and I
always have been because I started when
I was 17 and I just didn't stop and so I
used to hate going on holidays I was
like on a holiday it's a complete waste
of time and I would I remember like
calling my agent and my dad from
a beach somewhere going I can't wait to
get home and I've always had that like
weird attitude
um to like work and wanting to work work
work work work work and and I'm I'm
about to have quite a big life event and
I think that will what life event Jack
I'm about to have a baby which I'm like
I'm so excited about and also I'm just
like the thing that I pray that it does
is just completely like shifts my focus
and and I'm so excited to have
this little being in the world that is
more important than anything else I
think that's going to be such a healthy
thing and I know that's not necessarily
the reason to have a child I probably
should have worked through some of these
things before the baby arrived but like
that's an element of it that for some
people might be quite daunting but I
think that's going to be amazing and I'm
really really excited and I can't wait
to be a dad and I'm like it just it's
just really really cannot wait to like
sort of step up to the plate and and and
try to be the best dad that I can be and
have that as my focus and and when I'm
focused on that and or thinking about
all the other stuff I think it's gonna
just be great maybe that's quite a glass
half full
well yeah it sounds like a conversation
that I've been having with myself but
also with my partner where I've said to
her because she's scared that I'm I
might just keep working yeah I think she
asks me once every month she goes are
you gonna be like this when we have kids
together yeah I'll go no no I'll change
yeah when
the baby comes I will be different yeah
I'll I'll just cancel stuff I'll say no
to everything yeah I know I'm having all
of these conversations
um yeah but I've always said you don't
know yeah you don't know what will
happen none of us have ever experienced
that feeling that some of our friends
I'm sure have explained to where your
priorities shift upon the arrival of
this
Arsenal maybe well you know baby Arsenal
work do you think I've asked a few
people this because when I meet someone
that describes themselves as being a bit
of a workaholic
I wonder where they drew whether they
are driven or whether they are being
dragged which which resonates more with
you do you think you're driven or do you
think you're being dragged I think I'm
driven
I think I'm if yeah I'm driven I think
it would be quite helpful to be dragged
back a bit sometimes I definitely think
it would be good
because I have this weird career where I
I act and I write and I do stand up
as well it's very easy to fill
my entire diary all the time
um
and if I look at it like in a couple of
months I'm like I'm not doing anything
there you know I was meant to be filming
a movie then and it's been delayed now
and I've got two months I was like well
I need to do stand up and I'm going to
write a script and uh I'm gonna produce
as well and I have a production company
so I'm constantly developing things and
I just like and that all comes from me
that's not people going oh Jack can we
we've got this Gap can we do this now
it's me going we can do this now and we
can feel this now and we can develop
that and I can write this and and I cram
so much stuff into you know my schedule
uh and I think again like you know
professionally it might be better to to
take a beat sometimes and prioritize
like taking some time off as well and
having a little bit of headspace I mean
the pandemic is weirdly a time when we
were forced to do that and I found found
it very helpful creatively to to not be
working all the time and and this
stand-up tour I've had longer to prepare
for it than I've ever had and I've had
way more
kind of headspace and space to like like
live my life a bit which is so important
when you're creating and you're writing
especially when you're trying to you
know write personal material you need to
live your life you can't be working all
the time because then all of your
experiences are going to be professional
ones no one wants to go and watch
stand-up comedians had a load of jokes
about what it's like
being on set and like
anecdotes about like uh you know uh
script reads and whatever like that's
not interesting comedy material for
anyone and fame as well I don't think is
necessarily always the best uh kind of
you know source of
relatable stand-up so I think it's
really important as a comedian to have
that time to go and like live your life
and build up some experiences and and
find inspiration as it naturally occurs
rather than trying to force it and on a
personal level
um that that conversation about
work-life balance and giving yourself
some time and not just cramming
everything into the calendar what are
the consequences of you
not being balanced as it relates to your
personal life
though I think yeah I I I seem to sort
of that's the perennial mistake that I
make is
overworking not prioritizing
friends and family and
and then having to sort of make up for
it and I don't want to always be making
up for it
um
and I think I'm quite good at making up
for it and uh
you know
I then put a lot of pressure on myself
oh I've got to like see all of these
people and and make sure that I cram in
a load of
social situations and
sneaking a little holiday there and and
that and I wish I didn't have that
approach because
then Everything feels rushed and I'd
prefer it not to feel as rushed I'd
prefer to
yeah just uh
bit like it's all gonna be fun when the
baby comes it's all gonna jump
how are you feeling overnight how are
you honestly feeling about about you
know Roxy's sort of five months
um pregnant now how are you honestly
feeling about becoming a dad
I'm feeling
excited it's hard it's a weird one
because like
sometimes it feels very real and then
sometimes it's just a sort of abstract
concept an idea and it feels very very
surreal
um
and it sort of flips between
both of those things on almost like a
daily basis uh and sometimes I've
feel quite overwhelmed with thinking
about it other times I'm like
like barely engaged to it at all because
I'm so distracted with other things and
so it's a really weird emotional place
to be in right now like this sort of
run-up to having a kid and and I've
spoken to lots of friends that have been
in this period as well and a lot of them
have said that that's quite normal as
well but you know again there's sort of
no right way to be feeling at any one
time
um
and uh you know
you're thinking about her and and
looking after her she's had some like
health issues as well and so we've had a
bit of a journey to get here and and so
there's it's it's quite it's quite a
scary period as well like that I know
I'm just really looking forward to the
moment when the baby was born and then
I mean I say that like then and then you
can relax no it's then
like 18 18 years and so it doesn't stop
then
um again like maybe I've just framed it
in in quite a
a positive way uh but yeah
I'm I don't know I am I'm ex I'm excited
about being a dad because I never
thought that I would get to it this
early either I honestly because my dad
was you know
50 nearly 50 when he had me he really he
was 50. I've made that my mouth is right
yeah he was nearly 50 and so I was like
well I'll be an old dad you know I'll
you know live my best life and then when
I get to 50 then I'll just pop out a
couple of kids be great
um
and honest and always thought that that
was the case uh
and then ultimately
started looking at friends and seeing
how happy they were and my sister with
her niece and my niece not Honey's my
sister and my niece and thinking oh you
know what maybe I maybe I do want that
and
and then like began to really like yearn
for it and I was lucky that I met Roxy
he was just the right person and my
person and we felt like we were both
ready and so yeah
um
it it's it's a I think people will be
surprised when they find out that I'm a
lot of people were with friends and
family when I told them I think because
they just didn't think that I was
necessarily ready for it which again
like in my weird mentality just makes me
go I wanted to prove you I'm gonna show
you how I'm gonna be the best start over
so is there a
fear because I think if I'm being
completely honest with myself and I
don't think I've said this before when I
think about the prospect of having a
child which is again something that I
really want to do and I see myself as
having four kids and I also see myself
as hopefully being a really attentive
present father
there is a little bit of a thing in my
head that goes you don't have any time
as it is still yeah so something's gonna
have to give
and it's gonna be your career in some
respect like there's going to be some
element of reduction in your career and
maybe that's okay but
if I think about it practically I'm
already using all 24 hours in a day yeah
so where's it going to come from yeah
that's definitely a thought across is my
mind and
being realistic about it as well and not
it's not something that you can like
just like
you're not going to want to like just
schedule it in or I can do a little bit
of family time here and then I'll go and
uh do some uh you know tour dates in
Australia or like I think yeah it's that
that's gonna need to be like a
significant
moment of
like change because I'm not going to
want to work in the same way that I've
worked
that's why this like yeah this last year
has felt a little bit like
I don't know like in in my head I am
definitely like mentally prepared for
that I was like the baby is coming in
September I'm gonna have it's gonna be
really there I'm gonna do a tour and
then I'm and then I'm gonna I don't
wanna be having a tour sort of like
hanging over me I wanted you to do it
now and um
weirdly a lot of the comedians that I'm
friends with I was like yes I'm doing a
tour and then having a baby in September
was like you're gonna regret putting
that tour in then you're gonna yeah
because then when the baby's like two
that's when you don't notice a lot of
comedians start getting out on tour
because they want to get out the house
if you look at all of them yeah they do
I won't have that excuse the tool will
be done and then you'll be at home for
two years changing nappies you excited
about that yes I am and I actually yeah
I'm genuinely happy I'm very excited to
do that and to like
roll up my thieves and
get involved and
be a Hands-On dad
and now I'm regretting putting this on
camera because she's gonna have that
clipped up you remember when you said
this to Stephen
upstairs now there's a poonami that
needs attending to yeah I was just
saying that
for the sake of the podcast
and you've got this tour coming up
called settle down yeah
you're doing a lot of dates in a lot of
places yeah
how many dates are you doing jack I'm
doing I would say
at the time of recording maybe 40 50
dates they keep getting added and so
it's hard to keep count and I actually
in my head mentally it would be quite
good to just think of it as being 40
because that sounds quite manageable but
it may be a few more now how are you
honestly feeling about it give me all
the emotions uh weirdly I'm actually
kind of
excited for it to just start and to just
be doing it
um
the bit that's a bit of a slog is is the
sort of build up to it and the writing
of it and the getting it already in time
and booking all of the venues and doing
the promo and talking through the design
and you know it's a whole you know
production and it's just and it all has
to come through me
um it's quite hard to delegate when
you're you're building something like
that and so I'm really really excited to
just be then on the road doing the shows
and that's all I have to worry about
um and and I remember that I remember
this feeling before in the run-up to the
show being like I'm just desperate for
the first one to to come about so I can
then just like actually be doing it and
then when I'm on the road I love it I
try to not do too long of it all
um in terms of like
you know a lot of comics will go out for
like six months or a year and I find
I mean you know quite brewed away just
after a while I just begin to hate the
sound of my own voice and get bored of
the material and I don't know I I like
doing it in quite kind of condensed
burst and uh you know then like keeping
some kind of like momentum going and
doing a couple of shows having a day off
and a couple more shows
and and I love it I I honestly it's like
I've had a long period away from it uh
you know four years is the biggest Gap
I've had between tours and I I'm just
I'm excited to be doing it again and
they're they're like
I was talking to the I can't remember
who it was but I was talking to an actor
a successful actor it's this is about
the appeal of stand up and how you never
really get that moment no matter how big
of a movie you you make like you might
go to a Premiere and it gets a great
reaction and and that's amazing and you
have good reviews and it does great the
box office or whatever but like that
Thrill of the live experience I think
it's why so many actors want to be
musicians and end up in bands and
whatnot so they can have that like
experience and like that thing of like
going out in front of a
huge crowd and and
like having that live experience and
connection with them is like the best
thing in the world and it's so hard to
replicate that anywhere else
what's what's influenced this this show
in terms of the jokes in terms of the
humor in terms of your style
what what are the key influences or the
differences from previous tours well if
it's I call it settle down because it is
sort of about this period of my life
where I am settling down becoming a
little bit more of an adult a lot of my
comedy before and my previous tours it's
all about being the sort of man child
and that's kind of like
I guess you know on stage on this sort
of floppish man baby and
telling stories of
drunken hijinks and putting my foot in
it and generally just being a bit of a
sort of clown
and and this this show has a element of
that and an element of me being
self-aware enough to be like this is
definitely the like the last show where
I can be telling those stories and maybe
this is the last moment of my life where
I can lean into that and you know that
was the sort of
feckless
misadventure that was my 20s and now
I've entered into my 30s I've got a
mortgage and a girlfriend and a dog and
a baby on the way and I am now
you know going to be forced to settle
down whether I like it or not and so
it's about this like like this
transitional moment of my life and you
know talking about the anxieties and the
fears of that and like oh my God if I
got everything out of my system and
um you know I I don't know I so it's
it's it's a lot about that if I got
everything up but I just don't wanna and
I I'm not having a pop at him but like
maybe I haven't and then but I don't
know I was gonna say
I'll be lucky
I'd be like you know a great dad until
the kid's 18 and then I'll I'll be in
what my 50s
so I could just I'll go like if I
haven't got it all out my sister maybe
that that's what happens the kid turns
18 and I'll go from like Gary lineker to
Wayne lineker like that and I'll have
this other period when I'm in my 50s and
60s and I'm getting out and clubbing in
Ibiza to us
oh no
as you'll know if you listen to the last
few episodes of this podcast we're now
sponsored by the incredible whoop and if
you're anything like me and juggling a
fair few things every day whoop could be
a real game changer in your life when I
was a young entrepreneur I liked to I
think talk a little bit too much about
how many hours that I worked how many
emails I'd sent and all of those kinds
of things but I didn't have a second
thought on how
all of that work and that workaholism
was impacting my stress levels my
productivity my sleep My overall health
which is why I think the new stress
monitoring feature on my weep is so
important whoop is this small device on
my wrist that I wear during the podcast
it's a wearable health and fitness coach
and helps you to sleep better to train
harder live healthier and now manage
your stress one of the ways that it does
this is with scientifically back
breathing exercises developed with
leading neuroscientist Dr Andrew
huberman if you're someone who's
struggling to manage and overcome stress
I'd highly recommend you check out woop
it's been a genuine game changer for me
go to join.woop.com CEO to get a free
months week membership on me and let me
know how you get on you know the problem
with protein powders is they tend to
taste a bit it feels like hard work to
consume them and then when I got Hills
protein powder which by the way is 20
grams of protein and just 105 calories
and I tried it for the first time there
was this kind of mental confusion that
it tastes as good as a milkshake I might
buy in the corner shop but it's
nutritionally complete and has 20 grams
of protein in it and my favorite of all
the flavors I've got the chocolate fudge
brownie flavor in front of me is The
Salted Caramel flavor with a little bit
of ice in it it is a dream and I'm
training at the moment I'm doing
cardiovascular training ahead of soccer
AIDS so having protein in my diet
especially when I'm incredibly busy is a
must-have for me if you're looking for a
good protein powder I highly recommend
you try this recommended it's my friend
Simon she's now obsessed with it
and I think if you try it you'll find
out why
people see you on stage and I always
find this really interesting about
comedians because I watch these
comedians I've watched you for many many
years of my life Jimmy Carr Russell
Howard Etc
um and then when I meet these people
they surprise me
obviously because they're not yeah in
Jimmy Carr's case telling like filthy
one-liners when they got here although
when Jimmy Carter arrived the team texts
me and said Jimmy Carter just walked in
and cracked a joke about riding
someone's mum downstairs I thought oh
God here we go but then when he came up
here a completely different person there
was a thoughtful person incredibly
thoughtful person
um
what do you think people would be if
people really knew you if people really
knew the jack that Roxy your partner
knows
what would they be most surprised about
about you versus their image of you from
TV
yeah this is something I I think about a
lot
um that kind of disparity between the
the comedian that you see on stage and
the comedian
that is there in real life
um and I think I'm relatively close to
the the person that you see on
television or the person that you watch
on stage obviously that's like a
heightened version of myself and I think
the reality is the thing that people
will find most surprising is that
sometimes I'm quite
a quiet person I'm quite introspective
um
I can be a little bit shy in some social
situations uh I think people would be
surprised at that
but then I'm also so conscious I was
like oh I don't want that to ever come
across as
me being rude or aloof and
and yeah I get a little bit of kind of
social anxiety as well I I think I
definitely drink is like a crutch
because I find it so much easier in
certain situations that are overwhelming
to have a drink and and I find I maybe
lean on that a little bit too much
um so
I think all of those aspects aren't
necessarily things that you would look
at me and think oh he's gonna have all
of that going on but
I'm also I'm aware of it so I always
feel like I don't want to be a
disappointment in real life as well to
people especially you know fans or
whatever if I meet people and they have
an expectation of me I always feel the
need to kind of you know not not let
them down I think that's why I've always
said it's like so much easier if you're
Jack D or even my dad it's like his
Persona is sort of grumpy deadpan that's
very easy to maintain in reality yeah
mine is this is like over enthusiastic
yeah clown and I'm like oh that is
that's quite a lot to to maintain all of
the time and especially if you're having
a bad day or you're tired or you know
you you to have that spark
um in your day-to-day life can be quite
tiring when you when you look back on
what got you to where you are now you're
at the top table in your game
when you look back at the components
that got you here
what are those components if you're your
son or daughter was asking you for those
components
um I would say
important elements that I have
but I I do think
um I always say this to comedians I do
think you have to build a resilience
um and
you know the ability to kind of learn
from your
mistakes and your missteps and take on
board
criticism and use it to get better uh
that's definitely an important aspect I
think recognizing
people that could be good collaborators
could be uh
helpful I've been very lucky that I've
had a lot of really really great people
around me
um that guy mentioned Ben cavey of work
with him for nearly
15 years my writing partner Freddie
I've had some really good agents
uh my dad who's been amazing and has
always kind of helped advise me and
and and finding those those kind of
people that you can sort of work with
and put around you and people as well
that will challenge you and people that
will call you out if needs be
I think if you surround yourself with
the wrong people that's a very sure-fire
way of heading off in the wrong
direction and I feel very lucky that
I've got good people around me and have
always been able to find good people to
put around me and and build good
relationships with people that are
important ultimately that's having a
good judge of character as well I think
that's a really important
um aspect
um
your work ethic is clearly one of them
yeah I think work ethic is good to have
for sure
um
although I feel yeah now maybe we can
just tone it down a little bit work
ethic is good for the kind of takeoff
but then maybe there's there's a
different speed that you can find once
you're able and yeah cruising yeah
what else though because we haven't
really talked about the creative
Brilliance in terms of what you're doing
is ultimately art at the end of the day
and
there's got to be something that's
separating your art form from others is
it in the process is it in just a
natural thing is it a muscle you've
built over time when I think about the
your the content you've crafted to go on
tour with
I know technically it is but it's always
such a hard one with comedy because I'm
like I'm thinking of some of the
routines and I'm just like Stephen I've
got a punchline about
wanking off a tram behind a wheelie bin
I mean that's not hot
but I
if we're in America right now I'd be
like yeah
We're British and I'm like oh no no but
there is no I insist there is a there's
it's a talent and it's an art it's one
that I couldn't come near when I look at
I look at with such awe because not only
are you
because it feels to me like there's such
a clear Successful Failure with every
line you deliver yeah whereas in every
other game even this podcast yeah some
things might be interesting some things
might not be but there's no there's no
instant feedback on every line that I
deliver boom boom boom boom boom
so I think it's incredibly high stakes
art and something that I could never
ever I shouldn't say never ever do I
could do it but I wouldn't do it
anywhere near one percent of what you
could do it
so when you think about why you're so
good at it
have you been able to diagnose that
people hate these questions because they
have to say nice things about themselves
no I'm yeah I mean
you're right that you can't
you can't uh
like Coast it with stand up because it
is it is it is pretty brutal that is for
sure and uh you do get immediate
feedback on every single joke that you
put out into the world uh
but I don't why why I'm any more
successful at it than anyone else
um
I don't know I mean I I don't know
whether I'm like the if I look at my
faults I'm going straight back to my
faults but I don't think I'm like the
greatest writer I think I'm a good
writer and I can come up with like good
jokes and good routines I think I'm
I'm better like I'm better at um
performing it I I don't know I think
that's
something that I've learned like I can
really sell a joke uh which is maybe
sometimes to my detriment because
you know I could
could write better routines
if it weren't but I don't need to I
don't know that makes it sound like I'm
lazy because I'm but I but I don't I I'm
really
like working the material as much as I
can to try and make it as good as it
possibly can be
um
I can I've got good really good delivery
basically I think I'm very good at
delivering uh objects do you doubt
yourself yes
I read a quote I think that answer made
that above you
some of my material can occasionally be
a bit ropey but I can bloody well sell
it
I really quote Sky News I'm still sort
of dogged by a slight sense of imposter
syndrome and the feeling that at any
point someone's going to come and tap me
on the shoulder and tell me that I need
to go on a plane and go home yes that's
it
back to telling inappropriate jokes in a
in a pub to 30 people yeah
constantly
I feel like that
especially yeah with the with the acting
and because again with the acting it
like even more so because like I didn't
go to drama school I didn't know what
I'm doing and I've been afforded the
amazing opportunity of being able to be
in some great shows and some big movies
now and again like I've tasted that in
the same way that when I had that
experience of startup I was like oh my
God this is amazing and I love this and
uh
now it's going to be really hard if
I can't do that anymore and
but how do you be happy then if there's
that constant I don't know
I wish again why could could someone
tell me no that's not how it works it's
like the voice thing again I'm like
please just say what's the answer
um but that but I I always find I do
this as well by the way
in any kind of like
um Deep dive interview and you're a
wonderful interviewer because you know
you are able to like get your uh
interviewees to open up more than they
normally would and I feel like I have
done that today but whenever I do that I
then and it normally happens in print
and it's why I stopped doing print
interviews I don't really do any print
interviews
because I'd read them back I was like oh
my God I sound so depressing it's just
like self-flagellation for three pages
and I just feel like I read it back and
I'm like is that a reflection of who I
am as a person because I don't think I'm
as
depressing as I sometimes come across
when I'm
talking about myself I think I don't
know I don't know why but when I
you know
I don't know why that is the case yeah
in print interviews I mean the reason I
try and avoid print interviews as much
as I can as well is because you get a
really narrow perspective and it's and
what I love about podcasting you're a
podcaster as well is you get it all yes
so you can see all of the yeah all of
the color and the whole picture so you
can see and that's what I love about
this especially the way we do it here
because we do we these podcasts last a
long time as you can tell yeah
um and there's really no editing at all
so it is what it is exactly and I think
actually if you
've heard our interaction written down
verbatim in print you would probably
read it back and go
that's quite a sad man yeah but then if
you watched and listened to us then
maybe you would ascertain that it's not
all doom and gloom I'm just
I get a little bit
morose when I'm being introspective I
think it's really important that
particularly the point that
even someone in your position has those
insecurities about
losing their position the self-doubt all
of those things that everyone has every
day and all in all of their jobs and
really like the reason why I start this
podcast actually I've come to like learn
why we do this podcast it goes back to
the word you said at the very start
which was about connection yeah you said
at the start when you're most authentic
when you're most open people feel
connected yeah what you also do for them
in those moments is you liberate them
from thinking that they're inadequate
and broken yeah so by you saying it
you've just liberated a ton of people
from thinking that those thoughts that
they've been having make them
actually an imposter that's why we call
it a syndrome because it's actually just
a perception we have which is usually
like flawed in some way as it relates to
acting though you are
you got a movie coming up robots yeah
yeah that's coming out this summer
um which uh was a movie yeah we shot
that a couple of a couple of years ago
actually been waiting a while for it to
go through the editorial process which
is another element that I find so
frustrating with films is that you film
it and then it takes years for it to
come out and uh you've got and you've
even done it but I I yeah that that was
a again like a great experience really
fantastic people to work with
writer director that I really got on
with and Shailene who's a fantastic
actress who's
having you know a blast working with her
and that's again like that's that's one
of those things where I'm like
that that was a moment I was really
happy I really enjoyed the whole process
was working with very good people very
nice people it was a very happy set very
creative environment and uh yeah like
that was one of those moments where I
was like I'm I'm very professionally
content
your father
do you um do you think he's proud of you
now clearly from the origin of your
story that he was a big sort of figure
in your life that you tried to impress
and please
yeah def but I think you know he is
proud of me and he's expressed that and
and continues to express it my um and my
mum as well like they're so sweet
um I'm so happy that they've
you know
had this kind of
Second Wind in their lives as well
maybe with my dad's it's a third or
fourth win I don't know but
yeah they still come to my shows and
you know call me afterwards and
things and watch me on TV and then if
it's something good they'll text me and
you know that means a lot still
um are you still trying to impress him
I think so I think so because when I do
something that he doesn't think is
good enough which you know does happen
from time to time he will let me know
he's very honest and he's one of the few
people that will like
really cut through everything and just
like be very honest with me
um I mean the other thing that we
haven't sort of touched upon and again
is is something that's very present in
my mind with all of this in terms of
having a baby in terms of
you know trying to achieve as much as I
can in my career is that I want to do
all of it with him around and obviously
I know that that's
not going to be the case forever
uh and so
I think that yeah I mean that's why oh
God
I said I wasn't gonna do this on this
and
I'm where I'm now getting emotional I am
I wanted to have a a baby because I
wanted him to be around to know my child
and to spend time with my kid
uh I've seen how amazing he is with my
niece he's the most loving person ever
and so I want him to have a relationship
with my kid
and then
yeah I I wanna
do all of these things and
um
you know have success in my career that
I can share with him and he can see
these things and and enjoy them and
if the you know yeah I I I love having
him there for all of that and uh
so yeah I do still think a lot about
impressing him and uh
his his approval still means a hell of a
lot to me
it's such a beautiful thing you know
it's such a beautiful thing yeah and why
that closeness you have with your father
so much and even when I I see you like
doing you know gigs and stuff together
and doing like you know you did the
Netflix thing with him it's such a
special thing it's I feel I'm so lucky
as well that I've had the opportunity to
do it and you know it's it's never lost
on me the the
amazing thing about doing that show as
well is having people that come up to me
and they say you know like I watched it
with my dad and you know I have
you know a really good relationship with
my dad and we watched your show and then
we went away and we did a trip together
and it was one of the I'm so happy that
we did it and uh you know
or and on the flip side of that is yeah
I have people that you know maybe lost a
parent and uh have watched the show and
really connected to it because it's
reminded of them of the relationship
that they had with their
um father when when they were around and
and I think
you know I just I know I know how lucky
I am to have had that
um
that experience with him and continue to
have experiences with him and to work
with him and and it never feels like
work when I'm doing stuff with him it
honestly you know
it's I mean partly because of the the
shooting hours that he insists upon and
the hour-long break for lunch uh with a
wine present wherever we are whatever
you know the situation is
you know but just hanging out with him
it just feels like that's
it it can never feel like work because
it's it's it's my dad and and yeah I I
cherish like
hanging out with him so much there's so
much banter when you guys are together
on the screen but I I wondered you know
from hearing what you've said about him
today like does he does he truly know
what
he means to you and the impact he he's
had on your life
I think so but I think mainly from
hearing me talk about it when he's not
there because I don't think I
necessarily would ever articulate these
feelings to him
just because that's not like the nature
of our relationship the reality is a lot
of the time when we're talking we're
talking about you know
we talk about work stuff quite a bit we
talk about football we'll talk about
current affairs things like that but we
don't really talk about our emotions
never really have
um but I think he knows it and I think
I think he's yeah he I think he's very
very very aware of it
um and I'm glad that he is as well I'm
glad that he knows how much
he means to me because
um
I don't think I would necessarily
be able to say it to him if he were sat
in front of me
a lot of people can relate to that yeah
for some reason it's bizarre isn't it
yeah
I don't know I I yeah I I I look at him
and I'm like oh what will I from will
take from him when I become a dad and
you know I think
he's a
he's surprisingly he is more
affectionate than people think like that
because that's obviously not an aspect
of him that you ever see on any of the
Netflix shows or on his podcast or or
whatever but like I don't know just yeah
what what watching how he is with my
niece and and knowing what he was like
when we were like very little it's like
I
yeah I want to be like that and and he
he took a decision in his life as well
you know he had a very successful career
and was a producer and an agent and then
he really did he he did wind it all down
and stop when we were kids and spent I
mean I know again we went to boarding
school so we were away for
for for a period of of our youth but he
did you know spend a lot of time with us
and he was very
like present in our lives and and wasn't
as consumed with work uh and and I think
that was a good a good decision of his
and so I think that's why
I'm aware that it's even more important
like to make sure that I address that
what life balance thing when my child
comes along because I do want to have
enough time to like you know be
attentive and present parent I think
about this a lot with with my dad I've
talked about it quite often on this show
that the last thing I want to have is
is almost like regrets of words unspoken
when my dad's my dad's 70 odd years old
now and um
we've not had the closest relationship
over the years and I've also struggled
like I've I took him to the World Cup
and stuff but we never really talk yeah
yeah you know what I mean yeah yeah yeah
yeah and I find it much easier to say
things to him maybe on
this podcast or on text maybe yeah but
to say it's such a strange thing that
with my partner I can be open and
expressive but with my dad it's like
yeah you know and I worry if I'm being
honest about
the regrets of the words
unsaid yeah so there'll be times where
it might be Father's Day or other days
or maybe his birthday where I'll just
try and express it yeah
you have
do you write it down yeah
but it is it's hard isn't it it's where
if someone doesn't receive it how you
want it to be received as well it can it
can make it very difficult yeah and
there are you know especially like men
of that generation it's just very
because it must have been so different
with his his father and so
and yeah just it's just not a way of
communication that we're is used to so I
do think that's why sometimes it can be
a real struggle to say some of those
things because if you said them to
anyone else then you know that they
would go on a an elicit a kind of
emotional response that you would be
yeah welcoming yeah and it's and it's
hard when it's not like that we have a
closing tradition on this podcast where
the last guest leaves a question for the
next guest not knowing who they're
leaving it for and
I have such a bad issue reading
handwriting okay what do you place
oh
what do you pledge to do this year to
live life
fully while you still make a difference
what have I pledge to do
um
I'm going to be
more present and attentive with
the people that I love and I cherish and
hold close to me
they're gonna clip Roxy's gonna clip
that she's gonna play it every time I'm
gonna change some nappies as well yeah I
will change a nappy okay it's already
gone down to just being a singular nappy
but I will do a nappy that will happen
Well Jack thank you thank you so much
for your time today um I'm incredibly
excited for your tour I'm actually
coming with my team that sounds a little
bit amazing dodgy but
I'm I'm I will be attending your tour
with my team
um I believe we're going to the London
show and I'm very very excited because
I've been a big fan of yours for a very
very long time
um and your particular style of um
comedy and performance I think is what
makes you exceptional at what you do but
also a very necessary voice in comedy
because
you I I just think where we are in the
world with public discourse and
polarization if there was ever a time
for comedy it is now and so it's so
lovely that with everything going on
with the macro economic backdrop and all
these things we have great comedians out
there adding a little bit of joy to
people's lives and that's really what
you're what you do through your work
from from my observation if anybody
wants to come to the settle down tour
tickets are on sale now
um on the internet wherever you get them
he's doing [__] [__] tons of dates
um so I hope to see some of you at the
London show in particular because I'll
be there um but yeah thank you Jack
thank you very much it was lovely to
chat yeah thanks so much for having me
on
as you might know this podcast is now
sponsored by the incredible Airbnb and
Airbnb have saved me many many times
whenever I'm working away or on business
trips or on holidays but have you ever
thought about whether your home could be
an Airbnb when you're away on business
or on holiday or even just a part of
your home let me explain maybe your
roommate is moving out and you're
thinking about what to do with the extra
space or maybe you have a spare bedroom
that you've never used you could Airbnb
it and make some extra cash for bills or
to pay for anything in your life
holidays or just for some extra money
I've airbnb'd my place previously and
honestly the process couldn't have been
easier it's something I'd highly
recommend you all to check out your
extra room that extra space you have in
your house you might be surprised how
much it's worth I was surprised how much
it was worth and you can find out how
much it's worth by going to airbnb.co.uk
slash host that's airbnb.com host check
it out
[Music]
oh
foreign